README.md, before:

# Kaltura Simple Uploader (React)

[![Kaltura Simple Uploader (react) CI](https://github.com/openequella/react-kaltura-simpleuploader/actions/workflows/ci.yaml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/openequella/react-kaltura-simpleuploader/actions/workflows/ci.yaml)
[![Conventional Commits](https://img.shields.io/badge/Conventional%20Commits-1.0.0-yellow.svg)](https://www.conventionalcommits.org/)

A basic library to make it easy to add support for uploading single videos to Kaltura.

## Updating Kaltura Typescript Client API

For some reason, kaltura have stopped publishing their `kaltura-typescript-client` to NPM. It seems
the recommended method is to download the latest release from
<https://github.com/kaltura/KalturaGeneratedAPIClientsTypescript> and then follow the instructions
in the [project's
README.md](https://github.com/kaltura/KalturaGeneratedAPIClientsTypescript/blob/master/README.md).

This basically involves building a local copy and dropping the resultant archive into your
repository. This is needed - rather than simply rebuilding on each install/clone - due to timestamps
in version numbers and elsewhere resulting in difficulties in aiming for [reproducible
builds](https://reproducible-builds.org/) which would pass NPM package-lock.json hash checks.

After much battling with this (and NPM's `preinstall` script which does _not_ occur _before_
`install`) the `install-kaltura-client.sh` script codifies this process should anyone want to easily
update in the future.

The script downloads and builds the client, placing the resultant distributable in the root of the
project (not the slightly ugly `tgz` file sitting there). Then it `npm install`s it resulting in
updated `package.json` and `package-lock.json`.

If you wish to update to a newer version then modify filenames and URLs in the script as needed, and
run it. After that make sure you:

- remove the old `tgz` file from git;
- add the new `tgz` file to git; and
- commit the changes to `package.json` and `package-lock.json`

## Licensing

The Kaltura libraries seem to mainly be [AGPLv3](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/agpl-3.0/)
which is at odds with the [Apereo Practices on Third-Party
Licenses](https://www.apereo.org/licensing/third-party). Hence, this module is stand-alone.

## ToDo

- [ ] Address warning : 'Notice! Your application bundle the whole package of kaltura-xxx-client
  (either rxjs/ngx/typescript), please refer to the library `readme.md` to reduce app bundle size.'
  (This has been mostly addressed, however more work is required if desired.)
- [ ] Internationalisation
- [ ] Increase test coverage

Commit message:

build: fix CSS import Rollup issues
Rollup needs a plugin to support importing files other than JS. Once plugin added was
 found that there were also issues with the example app then correctly using the styles.

Also, really the CSS file should be imported in any component which uses it, so this is now done.

README.md, after:

# Kaltura Simple Uploader (React)

[![Kaltura Simple Uploader (react) CI](https://github.com/openequella/react-kaltura-simpleuploader/actions/workflows/ci.yaml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/openequella/react-kaltura-simpleuploader/actions/workflows/ci.yaml)
[![Conventional Commits](https://img.shields.io/badge/Conventional%20Commits-1.0.0-yellow.svg)](https://www.conventionalcommits.org/)

A basic library to make it easy to add support for uploading single videos to Kaltura.

## Usage

In the `example` folder there is an example of how to use the module. There are the following key
parts:

1. Import `render` from the module;
2. Import the `styles.css` from the module; and
3. Call `render` against a target DOM element with your Kaltura details.

## Updating Kaltura Typescript Client API

For some reason, kaltura have stopped publishing their `kaltura-typescript-client` to NPM. It seems
the recommended method is to download the latest release from
<https://github.com/kaltura/KalturaGeneratedAPIClientsTypescript> and then follow the instructions
in the [project's
README.md](https://github.com/kaltura/KalturaGeneratedAPIClientsTypescript/blob/master/README.md).

This basically involves building a local copy and dropping the resultant archive into your
repository. This is needed - rather than simply rebuilding on each install/clone - due to timestamps
in version numbers and elsewhere resulting in difficulties in aiming for [reproducible
builds](https://reproducible-builds.org/) which would pass NPM package-lock.json hash checks.

After much battling with this (and NPM's `preinstall` script which does _not_ occur _before_
`install`) the `install-kaltura-client.sh` script codifies this process should anyone want to easily
update in the future.

The script downloads and builds the client, placing the resultant distributable in the root of the
project (not the slightly ugly `tgz` file sitting there). Then it `npm install`s it resulting in
updated `package.json` and `package-lock.json`.

If you wish to update to a newer version then modify filenames and URLs in the script as needed, and
run it. After that make sure you:

- remove the old `tgz` file from git;
- add the new `tgz` file to git; and
- commit the changes to `package.json` and `package-lock.json`

## Licensing

The Kaltura libraries seem to mainly be [AGPLv3](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/agpl-3.0/)
which is at odds with the [Apereo Practices on Third-Party
Licenses](https://www.apereo.org/licensing/third-party). Hence, this module is stand-alone.

## ToDo

- [ ] Address warning : 'Notice! Your application bundle the whole package of kaltura-xxx-client
  (either rxjs/ngx/typescript), please refer to the library `readme.md` to reduce app bundle size.'
  (This has been mostly addressed, however more work is required if desired.)
- [ ] Internationalisation
- [ ] Increase test coverage
